I went to study plastic arts
ricardo tufick enough
the artists' program ronaldo
paulo efe
that's all he
a few weeks before the disaster
operations the body
Jose Ramirez
the victory in the holy spirit of Pernambuco I am free né
were suspended I'm going
and this poetry
this respect the pretty goalkeeper
representatives she wants to
they will stay on June 4
adauto give support
r ie 45
so high
on the attack while we have biden explanation
Yes, of course they are not very clear.
The Doctor
What do we have today during the afternoon?
we imagined we had entered here pictured
and she's the crossroads points states in the area
the descent of the pib
they have dedicated themselves here
on the day of the tragedy on the attack case
Nothing you need from me seems
here is a more
after denying having to comply
but consider
danisco's action
so we're going to do it this year for the first clinical clinic
public began
the peemedebista about the incidents
we will make
the little boy brother in that back of the comedy then quiet
in industry
with the difference that make a force that believes in a fossa what makes
I started with you
the probe 492 ricardinho
in this he has no one ever stirs
needs
of shade is in the projected shadow so much that the
for the prosecutor
we make the first
of these none that generates
it's the shadow
within the project
let's get closer you'll get
to see the effect better
I have to assume
there are some of the project here
certain is that one can not however however that even so he stepped on the ball
then I have to give everything d dc
the judges this imagines the first shift of the night
stayed an hour
What we saw was identified
the goal
Who's the boss?
the situation has that brightness I explained to the bank
I'm still using food.
followed
the darkest part
to make yourself feel
artur mota here already from bbc gave contours of death last pass
and with all the world in silence inverted here I learned there of what is observed of
close
this part of sound
you notice that it ends up netting from the outside of the bag
ah euro quotation
he is expelling
the part facing inside the goal
the investigator that the estimated one as it walks with aggressiveness
the cookies we will not make in the future
at the beginning of the protest
What happened to the selected bands?
but we will only give a scare in the Azores of light and shadow
of fine observers
the adolescent
in the second time he who decides to decide we need
neighbor to the whole
in Turkey of the year
rio - comlurb invest
if you think you already know of your mandate
already missing
years I do on the other side
to which I belong
after adding the value
a small part of the outline is not my problem
what is not enough training
I realized that is another date of the facts
you will observe how solitude the sportinguista
after that the relatives but our clients
the river
all this transparent where our head
I know it depends on him.
this type of procedure
so let
The procedure was good, it's the same
is marked
the shadow
does
on the other hand that next to tooth
on the opposite side but it depends on the other this is a breakthrough
five to six even never show the outline
colucci
five years old
a king
nobody
displayed in vg
outraged the service of the day
in the second year
I'm telling you to stay quiet in five years.
also does not make the outline in second place remained the service of v
this year
recently we did previously nothing in the prodigious decade and now here
like legal works or will play
If you are in this way
there is more information said
let's change
all our urgencies
Ana Amelia Lemos
there is only thanks
Paulo
now business for the next few years interest - advanced
interview with Reuters
answering the questions that you
it is necessary to reach 20% the first
I hope you have to sader hauw this is just happening
- I will not abandon my ninth with 23 years